Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Day of the Week)
      Approach: I started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
        using the sys.argv function for inputs of the month, day, and year.
        Then by using these inputs, I calculated the necessary data needed to
        output the day of the week, and used a stdio.writeln function to
        display which day of the week it is from the calculation.

      Issues and resolution: I had an issue with something about data types,
      but I fixed it by adding in some brackets to specify which operations
      are to be done first.

   Problem 2 (Mercator Projection)
      Approach: I started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
        using the sys.argv function for inputs of the latitude and
        longitude.Then by using these inputs, I first, converted the latitude
        value to radians since it will go through a 'sin' calculation, then I
        used the longitude and the radian version of the latitude to
        calculate the x and y co-ordinates. I then used a stdio.writeln
        function to display both x and y co-ordinates.

      Issues and resolution: I ran into no issues.

   Problem 3 (Great Circle Distance)
      Approach: I started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
      using the sys.argv function for inputs of two co-ordinates x1 and y1,
      then x2 and y2. Since there will be sin and cos calculations in the
      main expression, I converted all the co-ordinates to radians. Using the
      radian values for all of the co-ordinates, I put them into the function
      needed to calculate the distance of the great-circle, and used a
      stdio.writeln function to display the distance as an output.

      Issues and resolution: I ran into a very big issue within the order of
      my inputs, I made the input order x1, x2, y1, y2, so when I used the
      sample values,the distance came out wrong. I was staring at my code for
      like 1 to 2 hours until I realized. I then changed the order to x1, y1,
      x2, y2 and it solved the problem.

   Problem 4 (Wind Chill)
      Approach: I started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
      using the sys.argv function for inputs of t and v. I then used the
      inputted values in a formula to calculate the wind chill, and then used
      a stdio.writeln function to display the wind chill as the output.

      Issues and resolution: I ran into no issues.

   Problem 5 (Gravitational Force)
      Approach: I started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
      using the sys.argv function for inputs of m1, m2 and r. I also defined
      g as the value of a gravitational constant. I then used the inputted
      values in formula that calculated the gravitational force as a variable
      of f. I then used a stdio.writeln function to print out f.

      Issues and resolution: I had an issue where I used (** 10 x 11) instead
      of e11, I fixed it by replacing it the (** 10 x 11) with e11.

   Problem 6 (Snell's Law)
      Approach: I started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
      using the sys.argv function for inputs of angle1, n1 and n2. I then
      rearranged the equation to make angle2 the subject. Using the
      rearranged formula, I used it to calculate angle2. After calculating
      angle2, i converted it back to degrees and then used a stdio.writeln
      function to display the angle of refraction.

      Issues and resolution: I ran into no issues.

   Problem 7 (Gambler's Ruin)
      Approach: I started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
      using the sys.argv function for inputs of n1, n2, and pn. I then
      defined qn as the calculation of 1 - pn. I then used all the other
      inputs along with qn to calculate p1 and p2, the probabilities of
      player 1 and player 2, I then used a couple of stdio.write and
      stdio.writeln functions to display the two probabilities.

      Issues and resolution: I ran into a problem that didn't let me put use
      the variables 'p' and 'q', therefore I added a 'n' infront of them, and
      it seemed to work.

   Problem 8 (Waiting Time)
      Approach: I started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
      using the sys.argv function for inputs of λ and t. I then used the
      inputted values in a formula to calculate the waiting time as 'p', and
      then used a stdio.writeln function to display the waiting time as the
      output.


      Issues and resolution: I ran into no issues.

   Problem 9 (Die Roll)
      Approach: I started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
      using the sys.argv function for the input of n, n being the number of
      sides of the die. I then used the stdrandom.uniformint() function to
      find random numbers between the range of 1 and 6. I repeated this and
      then added the two random integers together to create the number
      rolled. I then used a stdio.writeln function to display the number
      rolled as the output.

      Issues and resolution: I ran into an issue where it would only give me
      random integers from 1-5. I quickly found out that it was because the
      last digit in a range is not within reach of the random function,
      therefore I added 1 to n to allow it to find a random int from 1-6
      instead.

   Problem 10 (Three Sort)
      Approach:  started out by naming inputs to the terminal to variables
      using the sys.argv function for the input of x, y and z. I then used
      min and max functions to find the smallest and largest value. I then
      found the sum of all values given, and then subtracted both the
      smallest and largest value to get the middle value. I then used
      stdio.writeln functions to display the smallest, middle, and largest
      value as the output.

      Issues and resolution: I ran into a problem where I decided I wanted to
      display my output a different way, but that was what was causing my
      code to be wrong, so I changed it to another format, and it worked.
